Fix 'default typecheck mode' (#1054)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/luau/type-checking.md

There are three Luau type inference modes that can be set on the first line of a `Class.Script`:

- `--!nocheck` - Default mode for all scripts; don't check types
- `--!nonstrict` - Only asserts variable types if they are explicitly annotated

> - `--!strict` - Asserts all types based off the inferred or explicitly annotated type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--!strict` — Asserts all types based off the inferred or explicitly annotated type.
```

> The default mode for the type checker is `--!nocheck`. The other two modes control how strict the type checker is with inferring and checking types for variables and functions. Any type mismatches in scripts are highlighted in the [Script Editor](../studio/script-editor.md) and surfaced as warnings in the [Script Analysis](../studio/script-editor.md#script-analysis) window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--!nonstrict` and `--!strict` modes control how strict the type checker is with inferring and checking types for variables and functions. Any type mismatches in scripts are highlighted in the [Script Editor](../studio/script-editor.md) and surfaced as warnings in the [Script Analysis](../studio/script-editor.md#script-analysis) window.
```
